Service for meat company, which is provided the information for consumers and farms within the qr-codes.

Hi, we are MeaTeam and we are solving HKScan’s product data problem. The issue at hand, is the lack of transparency between customer and their meat product information. Our solution solves that issue by product information disclosure portals.
Our product is simple, it is an app that connects the customer with the product that they purchase. We implement 3 different elements into our solution: (1) QR-code based identification, (2) full product lucidity, (3) easy-to-use user interface. 
Starting from the customer’s end, each product that they buy has its own data recorded. We set an ID for each product, and organize data according to different categorise such as: factory code, product type, produce date, weight, etc. Then, all of this collected data can be viewed by users if they scan the product’s QR code that brings them to a website dashboard where a database fills important information such as delivery points of their meat, meat content, distributor names, carbon footprint emissions, etc. 
On the manufacturer’s end and farmer’s end, they get information about the product’s routes and retail sales, as well as feedback from customers and retail companies. It’s a win-win for both parties, both get sufficient information that they need.
With all the data that is collected by our application, not only does it serve the users and consumers, but also, it helps us better understand the market coverage, local specific requests, local deficiency of products, and analytical logistics. Key insights such as: quality assurance, market coverage control, planning of supplies and advertising, and promotional successfulness can be then given to the producer-end of our app where farmers and manufacturing companies can use this data to strategically target their sales locations, mitigate loss, and increase their revenue. And let’s not forget to add that feedback of the products that consumers buy will help increase product quality, which brings higher consumer loyalty, beneficial for the company.
For HKScan, they can use the collected data, sell it to their B to B partners, providing statistics on information such as product successfulness or popular locations to smaller business customers who don’t have their own development strategy yet.
